#summary Installation and Usage
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design
TODO

An example is provides in the "Example" wiki.


= Setup =

This has to be done only once.

== Hardware ==

=== Required components ===

  * Arduino, with an USB cable
  Almost all Arduinos are valid, except if the [RCReceiverShield RC Receiver Shield] is used, some small-scale editions won't fit, such as the Mini, Micro or Nano.

  * RC receiver, with the corresponding transmitter and some extension RC connector cables
  With some newer receiver models, it may not work using the Channel output ports, and may only work using a PPM signal port, if provided.
  If you don't have any extension RC connector cables, you can make one by cutting and stripping the cable of an old/broken servo.

  * Optional but recommended: [RCReceiverShield Arduino RC Receiver Shield wiki]
  If not used, you can manually connect the receiver with the Arduino, as done in the [Example Example wiki].

=== Connections ===

==== Without RC Receiver Shield ====

  * Connect the RC receiver with the Arduino using extension RC connector cables
  How: bla bla bla

  * Make sure all your connections are well-done, so that there can't be any short-circuit.

==== With RC Receiver Shield ====

  * Push the shield on the Arduino.
  * Connect the RC receiver with the RC Receiver Shield using extension RC connector cables.
 ` `*Warning*: it is important that you choose to use either the "Ch#" input ports *OR* the "BAT" input port (PPM signal), and correspondingly you have to put the switch to either "CHs/PWM" or "BAT/PPM".

== Software ==

=== Arduino side ===

=== Computer side ===

  * python
  * pyserial
  * 


= Usage =

== Hardware ==

  * Power on the RC transmitter.
  * Connect the Arduino with your computer using the USB cable.

== Software ==

  * Execute the "serialToJoystick.py" program with the appropriate command-line arguments (*TODO*), e.g. by running 
{{{
python serialToJoystick.py
}}}
  in that directory.
  If the following message shows up in the terminal, you'll be able to use it (it will show up with the name "`<your joystick name>`") in all games supporting joysticks:
{{{
Created a joystick device named '<your joystick name>'.
}}}
  * Start a game or application that uses this joystick, and enjoy!